applications: nrf_desktop: Document USB SOF (#16938)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * A debug configuration enabling the `Fast Pair`_ feature on the nRF54L15 PDK with the ``nrf54l15pdk/nrf54l15/cpuapp`` board target.
  * An application versioning using the :file:`VERSION` file.
    The versioning is only applied to the application configurations that use the MCUboot bootloader.

>   * The :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_USB_HID_REPORT_SENT_ON_SOF <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option to :ref:`nrf_desktop_usb_state`.

Reviewer: :ref:`nrf_desktop_usb_state` module.

Author: That would result in duplicated `module` word. Not applied

>     The option allows to synchronize providing HID data to USB Start of Frame (SOF).

Reviewer: The option allows synchronization of HID data delivery with the USB Start of Frame (SOF).

Author: Isn't `synchronize to` more proper in this context? @annwoj or @divipillai, could you advise, please?

Author: Applied

>   * The :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_USB_HID_REPORT_SENT_ON_SOF <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option to :ref:`nrf_desktop_usb_state`.
>     The option allows to synchronize providing HID data to USB Start of Frame (SOF).
>     The feature allows to avoid negative impact of jitter related to USB polls, but it also increases HID data latency.
>     For details, see :ref:`nrf_desktop_usb_state_sof_synchronization`.
>   * Local HID report buffering in :ref:`nrf_desktop_usb_state`.
>     This ensures that memory buffer passed to USB next stack is valid until HID report is sent and allows to enqueue up to two HID input reports for an USB HID instance (used only when :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_USB_HID_REPORT_SENT_ON_SOF <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option is enabled).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * The :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_USB_HID_REPORT_SENT_ON_SOF <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option to :ref:`nrf_desktop_usb_state`.
    The option allows to synchronize providing HID data to USB Start of Frame (SOF).
    The feature removes the negative impact of jitter related to USB polls, but it also increases HID data latency.
    For details, see :ref:`nrf_desktop_usb_state_sof_synchronization`.
  * Local HID report buffering in :ref:`nrf_desktop_usb_state`.
    This ensures that the memory buffer passed to the USB next stack is valid until an HID report is sent and allows to enqueue up to two HID input reports for a USB HID instance (used only when :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_USB_HID_REPORT_SENT_ON_SOF <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option is enabled).
```
